I started my skincare with only six
products because number six is the
perfect number in Chinese I like to keep
things simple so I give each product
name where it's clear what they are what
they do because I don't want to confuse
people with fashionable names and
concept so let me introduce you with my
first products my purifying cleansing
gel oil has texture that is a lighter
than a balm and richer than a gel is the
perfect highbury of oil and water based
cleanser it's a supercharged with
wintergreen dragisa black extra and rosy
boa together they deeply cleanses the
skins impurity pollution grime
why protects the skin without stripping
its natural oil it's also fantastic
removing and dissolving every trace your
makeup even the stubborn waterproof
mascara it's really leave your skin
feeling supple silky smooth to a touch
and is perfect for your next step of
your regime now how do you cleanse your
face if you are winged makeup i always
recommend double cleanse so you squeeze
a tiny apart amount on your hands and
you spread opening on palm and spread
across your face then uses cotton bath
with the coq10 back in the warm water
and apply on your thighs simple
horizontal way and vertical use survivor
emotion remove every trace of eyeliner
and spoke July underneath your eyes
without pulling always tapping
then I always start with lose face and
circular motion staff on the neck
downwards and your decollete and upwards
for inside the face
ours and upward circular motion and your
forehead as the exact lying
make sure you remember the nasal crease
and then you simply rinse it with water
with other Neve of of a muslin cloth
you
the beauty of this tube is design the
twist lock so you don't have fast tunnel
it on and off in the shower
oh so it's very safe you won't rip out
from the from the edge your lid